Each year, we invite our industry partners and other reputed organizations to the college campus to participate in the placement process for both Undergraduate and Postgraduate programmes. We connect to invited companies, discuss their requirements and mutually agree on a tentative date for doing the placement drive. We also connect to all students, collect the student data, get their registrations for placements and brief them the placement policy and rules before the placement season starts for all the final year students.

Every year, we welcome our industry partners and other reputable businesses to the college campus to participate in the Undergraduate and Postgraduate placement process. We make contact with invited businesses, review their needs, and agree on a tentative date for the placement drive.Before the placement season begins for all final year students, we engage with all students, collect their data, obtain their registrations for placements, and advise them on the placement policy and rules.

The placement process at C M R I T is as follows : Prior to Drive Date [Get job Requirements -> Students Registration Process -> Mail Student Details to Company] On the Drive Day [Pre-Placement Talk -> Written Test & Group Discussion -> Personal Interviews & Students Selections] Post selection Steps [Offers & Acceptance -> Pre-joining Training & Other formalities -> Joining Process]

The following is the C M R I T placement procedure: Prior to the Drive, [Obtain job requirements -> Students Registration Process -> Mail Student Information to Company] [Pre-Placement Talk -> Written Test & Group Discussion -> Personal Interviews & Student Selections] on the Drive Day, Steps following selection [Offers and acceptance -> Pre-joining training and other formalities -> Joining Process]

At C M R I T, the following is the procedure for placement: Prior to the Drive Date [Obtain work requirements -> Students Registration Process -> Mail Student Information to the Company] [Pre-Placement Talk -> Written Test & Group Discussion -> Personal Interviews & Student Selections] On the Drive Day [Offers and Acceptance -> Pre-joining Training & Other Formalities -> Joining Process] prior selection.

The following is the C M R I T placement process: Prior to the Drive, [Obtain job requirements -> Students Registration Process -> Mail Student Information to Company] [Pre-Placement Talk -> Written Test & Group Discussion -> Personal Interviews & Student Selections] on the Drive Day, Steps following selection [Offers and acceptance -> Pre-joining training and other formalities -> Joining Process]

At C M R I T, the following is the process for placement: Prior to the Drive Date [Obtain work requirements -> Students Registration Process -> Mail Student Information to the Company] [Pre-Placement Talk -> Written Test & Group Discussion -> Personal Interviews & Student Selections] On the Drive Day [Offers and Acceptance -> Pre-joining Training & Other Formalities -> Joining Process] prior selection.


The average number of offers at C M R I T in 2016 are 576
The average number of offers at C M R I T in 2017 are 702
The average number of offers at C M R I T in 2018 are 671
The average number of offers at C M R I T in 2019 are 707
The average number of offers at C M R I T in 2020 are 587
The average number of offers at C M R I T in 2021 are 551

Students placed in year 2016 are 576.
Students placed in year 2017 are 702.
Students placed in year 2018 are 671.
Students placed in year 2019 are 707.
Students placed in year 2020 are 428.

The highest salary packages at C M R I T in 2016 is 12LPA
The highest salary packages at C M R I T in 2017 is 12LPA
The highest salary packages at C M R I T in 2018 is 16.5LPA
The highest salary packages at C M R I T in 2019 is 18LPA
The highest salary packages at C M R I T in 2020 is 11.76LPA
The highest salary packages at C M R I T in 2021 is 23.5LPA

The overall highest salary packages at C M R I T is 23.5LPA until 2021

List of all the highest packages till date are 12 LPA in 2016, 12 LPA in 2017, 16.5 LPA in 2018, 18LPA in 2019, 11.76LPA in 2020, 23.5LPA in 2021

The greatest wage packages at C M R I T in 2016 is 12LPA
The greatest wage packages at C M R I T in 2017 is 12LPA
The greatest wage packages at C M R I T in 2018 is 16.5LPA
The greatest wage packages at C M R I T in 2019 is 18LPA
The greatest wage packages at C M R I T in 2020 is 11.76LPA
The greatest wage packages at C M R I T in 2021 is 23.5LPA

The overall greatest wage package in C M R I T is 23.5LPA until 2021

The highest-paying positions at C M R I T in 2016 is 12LPA
The highest-paying positions at C M R I T in 2017 is 12LPA
The highest-paying positions at C M R I T in 2018 is 16.5LPA
The highest-paying positions at C M R I T in 2019 is 18LPA
The highest-paying positions at C M R I T in 2020 is 11.76LPA
The highest-paying positions at C M R I T in 2021 is 23.5LPA

The average salary packages at C M R I T in 2016 is 3.75
The average salary packages at C M R I T in 2017 is 4.25
The average salary packages at C M R I T in 2018 is 4.47
The average salary packages at C M R I T in 2019 is 4.84
The average salary packages at C M R I T in 2020 is 4.87
The average salary packages at C M R I T in 2021 is 5.52

The average wage packages at C M R I T in 2016 is 3.75
The average wage packages at C M R I T in 2017 is 4.25
The average wage packages at C M R I T in 2018 is 4.47
The average wage packages at C M R I T in 2019 is 4.84
The average wage packages at C M R I T in 2020 is 4.87
The average wage packages at C M R I T in 2021 is 5.52

The average number of companies visited C M R I T in 2016 is 64
The average number of companies visited C M R I T in 2017 is 83
The average number of companies visited C M R I T in 2018 is 106
The average number of companies visited C M R I T in 2019 is 108
The average number of companies visited C M R I T in 2020 is 72
The average number of companies visited C M R I T in 2021 is 85

The average number of firms that have visited C M R I T in 2016 is 64
The average number of firms that have visited C M R I T in 2017 is 83
The average number of firms that have visited C M R I T in 2018 is 106
The average number of firms that have visited C M R I T in 2019 is 108
The average number of firms that have visited C M R I T in 2020 is 72
The average number of firms that have visited C M R I T in 2021 is 85

The total number of companies visited C M R I T in 2016 is 64
The total number of companies visited C M R I T in 2017 is 83
The total number of companies visited C M R I T in 2018 is 106
The total number of companies visited C M R I T in 2019 is 108
The total number of companies visited C M R I T in 2020 is 72
The total number of companies visited C M R I T in 2021 is 85



Companies visiting C M R I T are : * Product based(Amazon, Cimpress, Ellucian, HP, and many more..). * Service based(Accenture, Capgemini, Deloitte, Infosys, and many more..). * Foreign companies(Canbright C.Ltd from Japan, Tokyo Inc. from Japan, Andpad from Japan, Aucfan from Japan, Cretors Match from Japan and many more..). Please visit https://C M R I T.ac.in/placements/ to view more.

Companies that come to C M R I T include: * Product-based (Amazon, Cimpress, Ellucian, HP, and many more..). * Based on a service (Accenture, Capgemini, Deloitte, Infosys, and many more..). * Companies from other countries (Canbright C.Ltd from Japan, Tokyo Inc. from Japan, Andpad from Japan, Aucfan from Japan, Cretors Match from Japan and many more..). To learn more, go to https://C M R I T.ac.in/placements/.

Companies providing offers at C M R I T are : * Product based(Amazon, Cimpress, Ellucian, HP, and many more..). * Service based(Accenture, Capgemini, Deloitte, Infosys, and many more..). * Foreign companies(Canbright C.Ltd from Japan, Tokyo Inc. from Japan, Andpad from Japan, Aucfan from Japan, Cretors Match from Japan and many more..). Please visit https://C M R I T.ac.in/placements/ to view more.

The following companies are presenting offers at C M R I T: * Product based (Amazon, Cimpress, Ellucian, HP, and many more..). * Based on a service (Accenture, Capgemini, Deloitte, Infosys, and many more..). * Companies from other countries (Canbright C.Ltd from Japan, Tokyo Inc. from Japan, Andpad from Japan, Aucfan from Japan, Cretors Match from Japan and many more..). To learn more, go to https://C M R I T.ac.in/placements/.

The product based companies visiting C M R I T are : Amazon, Cimpress, Ellucian, HP, and many more.. Please visit https://C M R I T.ac.in/placements/

Amazon, Cimpress, Ellucian, HP, and others are among the product-based companies that have visited C M R I T. Please go to https://C M R I T.ac.in/placements/ for more information.

Amazon, Cimpress, Ellucian, HP, and a slew of other product-based companies will be at C M R I T. Visit https://C M R I T.ac.in/placements for further information.

The service based companies visiting C M R I T are : Accenture, Capgemini, Deloitte, Infosys, and many more.. Please visit https://C M R I T.ac.in/placements/

Accenture, Capgemini, Deloitte, Infosys, and others are among the service-based companies that have visited C M R I T. Please go to https://C M R I T.ac.in/placements/ for more information.

The foreign companies providing offers at C M R I T are : Canbright C.Ltd from Japan, Tokyo Inc. from Japan, Andpad from Japan, Aucfan from Japan, Cretors Match from Japan and many more..Please visit https://C M R I T.ac.in/placements/

Canbright C.Ltd from Japan, Tokyo Inc. from Japan, Andpad from Japan, Aucfan from Japan, Cretors Match from Japan, and others are among the foreign companies offering services at C M R I T. Please go to https://C M R I T.ac.in/placements/ for more information.

Career Guidance and Placement Bureau echoes C M R I T Vision by guiding students to become competent graduates with domain and professional skills, meet their career aspirations, and serve the nation and the society at large.

By advising students to become competent graduates with domain and professional skills, realise their career objectives, and serve the nation and society at large, the Career Guidance and Placement Bureau mirrors the C M R I T Vision.

Infrastructure: C M R I T has requisite infrastructure and facilities for doing placement drives in the campus: * Multiple discussion rooms for technical and personal interviews. * Four seminar halls (three 120-seat capacity and one 60-seat capacity) for pre-placement talks, seminars, conferences, group discussions, workshops, etc. * Dwani Auditorium: One 650 seat-capacity for pre-placement talks, seminars, workshops, presentations, etc. * The whole campus is connected over internet and students, faculty and college guests can connect to internet with high bandwidth wifi from any corner of the campus. * The college has lab infrastructure with over 300 workstations that can be used for conducting online tests simultaneously as part of campus placement drives.

Infrastructure: C M R I T has the necessary infrastructure and facilities to conduct campus placement drives: * There are several discussion rooms available for technical and personal interviews. * Pre-placement talks, seminars, conferences, group discussions, workshops, and other events are held in four seminar halls (three with a capacity of 120 seats and one with a capacity of 60 seats). * Dwani Auditorium: A 650-seat auditorium used for pre-placement speeches, seminars, workshops, and presentations, among other things. * The entire campus is connected to the internet, and students, professors, and visitors can access to the internet via high-speed wifi from any location on campus. * The college offers a lab with approximately 300 workstations that can be utilised to run many online tests at the same time as part of placement process.

Centres of Excellence: * Students will have access to the on-campus Centres of Excellence (CoE) created through C M R I T’s industry partnerships and alliances. Through these centres, you will complete projects that allow you to work with the latest technologies. Our faculty are trained in these areas, and you will be able to leverage their expertise through project mentorship and guidance. * The Centre of Excellence offers students a way in to the on-campus Centre of Excellence (CoE), shaped through C M R I T’s industry affiliation. Through these centres, students can complete projects through the use of the most recent technologies. The C M R I T faculty is qualified in these areas, and support student initiatives through project mentorship and direction.

Students will have access to on-campus Centres of Excellence (CoE) formed as a result of C M R I T's industry ties and alliances. You will complete projects at these centres that will allow you to work with cutting-edge technology. Our faculty are experts in these fields, and you'll be able to benefit from their knowledge and experience through project supervision and advice. * The Centre of Excellence (CoE) on campus, created by C M R I T's industrial affiliation, provides students with a pathway into the CoE. Students can use the most up-to-date technologies to accomplish projects at these centres. The C M R I T professors are experts in these fields, and they help students succeed by providing project supervision and guidance.

Departments at C M R I T : CSE, ISE, TCE, ECE, EEE, CIVIL, MECH, CS AND AI, CS AND ML.

CSE, ISE, TCE, ECE, EEE, CIVIL, MECH, CS AND AI, CS AND ML are some of the departments at C M R I T.

Contact US : Tel => +91 80 28524466/77 , Email => info@C M R I T.ac.in

Please contact us at +91 80 28524466/77 or info@C M R I T.ac.in.

Tie your LACES : Tie Your LACES (TYL) is C M R I T's own skill development program to transform a student to a professional as well as to improve the overall employability of students. It helps students in their holistic development required for Corporate Jobs or for any career option they choose. TYL Trainings and Activities develop students in skills of 'L A C E S' that represent 'L' for Language, 'A' for Aptitude, 'C' for Core domain, 'E' for Experiential and 'S' for Soft Skills. TYL Skill development activities run throughout the years of student's coursework. TYL activities are designed, planned and being executed in all semesters of all Batches and for all Courses in C M R I T.

Tying your LACES C M R I T's own skill development programme, Tie Your LACES (TYL), aims to transform students into professionals and boost students' overall employability. It aids students in their overall growth, which is necessary for Corporate Jobs or any other job path they choose. Students learn the abilities of 'L A C E S,' which stand for 'L' for Language, 'A' for Aptitude, 'C' for Core domain, 'E' for Experiential, and 'S' for Soft Skills, in TYL Trainings and Activities. TYL skill development activities take place during the course of a student's academic career. In C M R I T, TYL activities are designed, organised, and implemented in all semesters for all batches and courses.

Industry Connects : We continuously interact and collaborate with Industries, Companies and Professional bodies to understand Business and Technology needs and trends, visualize future Industry landscape and predict job opportunities. These learnings help us in creating training capsules that are embedded into Tie Your LACES program that bridges the gap in current curriculum from industry’s future expectations.

Industry Connects: We interact and cooperate with industries, companies, and professional bodies on a regular basis to better understand business and technology needs and trends, picture the future industry environment, and forecast career possibilities. These insights aid us in developing training capsules that are included into the Tie Your LACES programme and bridge the gap between existing and future industry curriculum.